### FS101_F2021, Assignment 8

### Title
How do surveillance cameras harm people's privacy



CCTV(Closed-circuit television) is a very common technology in modern society. It can monitor images and even sounds in a fixed range with its own camera and store them in its main console. Operators can also observe real-time images in real time. Therefore, this technology is widely used, and it has become an important tool for many governments and businesses to maintain social order and prevent crimes. However, due to people's lack of awareness and research on this technology, it often causes many practical and moral problems. People who are being monitored are concerned about who is storing and managing their behavior, and who has access to video surveillance recordings. Whether video surveillance is harmful, why it is harmful, and in what ways it harms people's lives and rights. This article will discuss the above problems by introducing the working principle, design intention, development history, harm and countermeasures of video surveillance.

TV monitoring system is one of the important ways of modern management, detection and control. Closed-circuit television monitoring system in people can not or impossible to directly observe the occasion, can be real-time, image, real projection of the monitored control object of the picture, people use this feature, timely access to a lot of information, greatly improve the accuracy and reliability of the anti-theft alarm system. The simplest closed-circuit television uses a single camera to send the shooting signal to the monitor through the TV cable, or the shooting signal can be sent to multiple monitors through the multiplexing amplifier. Closed circuit television is the opposite of open circuit television broadcasting. There are two types of broadcasting: radio broadcasting and cable broadcasting. Open-circuit broadcasting in television stations is equivalent to radio broadcasting, in which the user receives the television signal from the antenna, while closed-circuit television is equivalent to cable broadcasting (cable mode: the television signal is transmitted from the satellite transmitter to the designated user by cable). It sends television signals over wires. It converts audio and video signals into a radio frequency signal that can be transmitted in a closed-circuit television system. Moreover, TV monitoring system has become a very effective observation tool for people to monitor and control in modern management. 

Surveillance cameras are designed to protect shared property and areas. The first documented use of surveillance cameras was in the Soviet Union under Stalin. In 1927, a Russian scientist named Leon Theremin invented a simple wireless system that linked a camera to a television. It was eventually used to spy on visitors to the Kremlin in Moscow. In 1942, about 15 years after the Soviets built a rudimentary CCTV system, the Nazis built one of their own. Siemens built the system in 1942 for the airport in Penemende, Germany, to monitor the launch of the V-2 rocket. Designed and installed by German engineer Walter Bruch, the system allows people to stay a safe distance from the launch site. (Carlsen,2019)


CCTV is extremely useful in many ways. Using closed-circuit television monitoring system, can protect personal safety, save time and cost, improve efficiency, realize real-time command and scheduling, processing and saving information. CCTV monitoring system has been increasingly widely used in public security, finance, industry and mining, traffic management, transportation, hospital, business, school, residential property management, military, hotel, important material warehouse and security and other fields, has become one of the symbols of modern management. As a monitoring technology,Crime Prevention is one of its main functions. Some scholars believe that people cannot fully control their own behavior without supervision and supervision. CCTV can make people with criminal motives and ideas pay attention to their behavior. And even if the perpetrator doesn't notice the surveillance, the video can help prove and investigate the crime later. According to this function, video surveillance is used in public places such as squares, schools, shopping malls and grocery stores to prevent illegal activities and protect public safety and order. This is one of the main functions of video surveillance, but because of its nature, the technology has many other uses as well. Video surveillance has also helped with traffic. First of all, the common highway video surveillance is mainly used to detect the speed and the behavior of violating traffic rules. Private video surveillance will detect the current road conditions, whether there are traffic jams and accidents etc. The technology is also widely used in the workplace. Employers often believe that when workers know they are being monitored, they tend to control their performance and perform more efficiently. It is also being used in sports. For example, partial replays of match clips and locker room scenes that cannot be seen by spectators are all captured by video surveillance. Although broadly speaking, video surveillance is a useful technology, it also brings a lot of negative hidden dangers and problems. 

Because the photographic function of CCTV is undifferentiated, that is to say, no matter what the original purpose of installing and using a certain video surveillance is, it will indiscriminately record and monitor people's actions and sounds in this area. Although for most of the private and public cameras, they are to be installed motivation through filmed suspicious characters and criminal behavior and appearance to protect people and property security, but when the camera shooting range not suspicious characters and criminals, they will not take innocent people's actions and words. According to The paper The Dangers of Surveillance in Harvard Law Review Vol.126, we need intellectual privacy, that is to say, people need The privacy to think and express their opinions. However, video surveillance controlled by the government may record people's behaviors and words, and even identify the people they are monitoring through modern technology, which seriously infringes people's freedom of thinking. 
“The knowledge, or even the perception, of being surveilled can have a chilling effect. A 2012 industry study conducted by the World Economic Forum found that in high internet penetration countries, a majority of respondents (50.2%) believe that “the government monitors what people do on the Internet.” At the same time, only 50% believe that the internet is a safe place for expressing their opinions, while 60.7% agreed that “people who go online put their privacy at risk.” (Jillian, 2014) Something similar is happening not just with video surveillance, but with the Internet too. According to the PEN American Center, a leading writers' free speech organization in the United States, writers' perception that their speech and work are being monitored significantly affects their work and the topic of discussion.“A member survey conducted by writers’ organization PEN American Center in December 2013 discovered that, since the publication of the first NSA leaks, 28% of respondents have “curtailed or avoided social media activities,” while another 24% have “deliberately avoided certain topics in phone or email conversations.” Perhaps even more worryingly, a full 16% have avoided writing or speaking on certain topics.”This research proves that when people are monitored, their behavior and behavior change, so that they do not have the privacy to do what they want to do and say, and their privacy and freedom are exploited for no reason. The violation of people's privacy not only affects people's freedom of speech, but also hinders information sharing and communication between people and society, thus affecting the intellectual development of the whole society. 


Ethical questions about privacy also arise with cameras for traffic purposes. While traffic cameras are vital to road safety, they are also a matter of privacy for drivers. According to The Motorcam England website, users of the site will be able to view cameras on various roads in real time to see what conditions are prevailing. This should be a very convenient tool, but it is very likely to invade the driver's privacy. Because video surveillance will record the appearance and license plate number of the vehicle completely, and even high-definition cameras can see the facial features of the driver, thus revealing their journey.

Although some people are still willing to give up personal privacy issues for the safety of the society and others, surveillance cameras are not very effective in arresting criminals to ensure the safety of the society. The article, written by Matthew Guariglia, draws on the terrorist attacks in recent years to raise the point that surveillance cameras do not play their role effectively and invade people's privacy too much. “After terrorist attacks in Boston, Orlando and Manchester, authorities informed the public that they “were aware” of the perpetrator months or even years before the violence occurred. Time and time again we learn that informants — clergy, neighbors, family members — filed reports with authorities, only to see those names end up on a never-ending list that, as journalists have shown, includes hundreds of thousands of innocent people.”(Guariglia,2017)
For one thing, he argues, surveillance cameras capture too many non-threatening people's movements, violating their privacy and making screening suspects too much work. This is a problem that the federal government has faced in the last century. They used criminal galleries to screen suspects, but with so many samples, the police have lost the ability to tell the difference between people. Later fingerprint collection is a good plan in the short term, but with the increase of data collection, there is no guarantee to find out the information of suspects effectively, which leads to the failure to arrest the criminals of terrorist attacks. 

The prevalence of surveillance cameras continues to rise because the cost of obtaining them is so low. Correspondingly, various states in the United States also have relevant legal measures on it. What they have in common is a ban on surveillance cameras in private places such as bathrooms, bathrooms and private bedrooms, and a strict ban on unauthorized audio recording, but no protection for filming and recording in public places. Richard mentioned in The Harvard Law Review that government agencies should introduce more policies on surveillance cameras to protect people's privacy, especially the government, as the main owner of surveillance cameras, should be responsible for the innocent people captured. The length of video storage, the handling of video tapes, and signs and warnings in surveillance areas should all be regulated.


All in all, surveillance cameras were developed in exactly the same way as they are now used, but the technology has spread far faster than expected, and existing laws have failed to regulate its users' behavior. As the main technology of modern security, the disadvantages of indiscriminate video recording are very obvious, and the impact on people's privacy has reached the point that can not be ignored. Only a combination of awareness and legal progress can stop the technology from going in the wrong direction.


Resource

Richards, Neil M. “THE DANGERS OF SURVEILLANCE.” Harvard Law Review, 
vol. 126, no. 7, The Harvard Law Review Association, 2013, pp. 1934–65, http://www.jstor.org/stable/23415062.

https://www.upcounsel.com/video-surveillance-laws-by-state

https://cs.stanford.edu/people/eroberts/cs181/projects/ethics-of-surveillance/ethics.html
https://giswatch.org/thematic-report/internet-rights/harms-surveillance-privacy-expression-and-association#sdfootnote3sym

www.pen.org/sites/default/files/Chilling%20Effects_PEN%20American.pdf

https://www.eff.org/files/filenode/att/generalwarrantsmemo.pdf

https://universe.byu.edu/2017/06/28/video-surveillance-threatens-privacy/

https://ipvm.com/reports/history-video-surveillance

https://kintronics.com/the-history-of-video-surveillance/









---

(Did you remember to add your name(s) to the top of this document?)
